there's a closely related idea another
type of automatic conversion known as
primitive whitening so just like we saw
before where types can be automatically
converted from rapper to reference and
vice-versa it turns out that if we have
a method that takes a wide datatype and
we pass it a narrower datatype compared
to the one we're calling wide and then
it will automatically whiten for us so
in other words here's a function that
takes blah or sorry it takes double call
blah double we can hand it an integer
and since Java just in its specification
says int are narrower than doubles it
will automatically whiten and this will
work just fine however if we want to
take a type that is wider than the
expected type then we need them manually
specify a cast and in that case it will
allow us do this okay
now I'm not gonna go through this
actually a bunch of details about all of
this that you can learn right so it has
these the whitening versions so anytime
you do one of these that's considered
whitening these are considered narrowing
and you can read more and more there's
actually 12 different types of automatic
conversions so I've talked about boxing
unboxing and narrowing and whitening and
there's more if you're curious
but that's basically what we need to
know so be aware that primitive
whitening happens automatically and it
could be important for understanding
error messages as we'll see in a little
bit when we try and implement a remap